TODO

In pipeline, after training, for every test fold, plot test error as a
function of number of training chunks, in order to see if the model
could be improved by adding more labels.

2015.08.06

BUGFIX for feature computation when one or more samples has no/zero
coverage data.

2015.08.05

Support for data sets with two or more label files.

Support for making predictions on samples with no labels at all --
these samples should be used in both the fitting and prediction steps.

2015.07.30

test-qsub-pipeline.R makes sure the exec/*.R pipeline scripts run with
no errors.

PeakSegJoint.c changed so that the likelihood function is defined from
the first base with data to the last base with data, on any sample
(before, it was ALL samples, and this is problematic now that we
assume the input is a sparse profile).

2015.07.14

Remove "read one sample coverage file and save the coverage profile
for each labeled chunk" step from exec/ pipeline, since it is so fast
with bigwig files now.

2015.06.19

To support sparse bigwig data (created with -bg rather than -bga
option to coverageBed, resulting in no rows with 0 coverage), binSum
no longer returns an error code when chromEnd[i] !=
chromStart[i+1]. Instead, gaps in the coverage profile are properly
treated as bases with 0 coverage.

2015.05.22

ConvertModelList returns modelSelection.

2015.05.15

peak1.infeasible data set.

Step3 looks for a peak in the same place as previous model, but does
not enforce the seg1 < seg2 > seg3 constraint.

ConvertModelList returns segments for model with 0 peaks.

PeakSegJointSeveral function for running the C solver using several
suboptimality parameters, and taking the model with the min Poisson
loss for each model size.

rename seg_start_end to bin_start_end.

2015.05.14

real data sets where buggy heuristic does not recover visually optimal
segmentations.

bugfix for heuristic optimization for cases where there is a solution
with non-zero index (writes new cumsum vec) before a better solution
with zero index (does not write a new cumsum vec, and was stuck with
the old cumsum vec).

2015.05.05

Squared hinge loss FISTA implementation.

2015.04.17

Bugfixes for C memory issues.

2015.04.14

Fast C implementation of PeakSegJointHeuristic.

2015.04.02

binSum, multi* copied from tdhock/PeakSegDP.